coming to you live from ultimate sports
cards live box break 2007 leaf rookies
in stars let's start cutting let's do a
little surgery another 24 pack deal so
in order to keep it short on youtube
without doing 17 different filming we're
going to kind of sit through this see
what our four big hits are ok we have
Vince Young Lamont Jordan ich euch base
card pack another base card pack let's
get those out of the way and save the
juice for the end here all right we have
some here so I Ryan mcbean rookie
Steelers number 2999 that's three Niners
designer and another bunch of bass and
something here and no decoy least room
Joel Fellini it's low number dye number
2 199 federico fellini joe Fellini and
another hiding guard got Jay Cutler
numbered 9960 of 99 he's actually been
doing well with Brandon Marshall since
the CEO nice to see they can do some
besides run the ball you know Randy Moss
but just more base cards LT Jamal will
feel a huge patch shuttle coming over
always top four hits and then not seen
one until now here comes one boomer
school maroney jersey card see elements
number 2 250 it's 47 to 250 maroney
jersey
and a big game the other day with the
weather being horrible Grady couldn't
throw as usual 1700 touchdowns in one
game where you saw I don't think you had
one that I didn't I don't believe how we
doing McNair my plate against number 2
500 g 0 hence face inserts inserts super
thin pack here and a rookie of AJ Davis
needs to be on cleveland number 2 999
and another rookie see Dante Hughes a
lot of rookies number 999 as well for
the Colts heck of a set to try to
complete whoo sound like metal this
sound like metal thank God is just a
decoy could have been a patch or dropped
in corn luckily it wasn't Bush Romo
kitten LF which Bolden and oon that Oh
kidding me I did not even see that was
like oh you like what holy crud is
number 10 are you kidding me look at
that Oh laughs at keeping an easy tempt
and Amy easy that's for sure man it's
kind of got a little chew on the side
but wow 10 of 10 I'm just going to
continue here so I can just fit this on
the camera more basically sort of like a
couple more hits too I don't even care
to after that and that was his
phenomenal holy schnikeys garrett wolf
rookie out of 500 Wow another Adrian
autumn and we've seen a couple
server shop here this fantastic pink
Tyler sure 999 brady base card
yeah we still two more hits I mean
that's only that called that to have
waters a dreamers hit a patch on I was
the batch out oh that's gorgeous a will
have to get on a shot of that at the end
let's see that's Javon Walker number two
Eddie Eddie 3450 shirt one more yep got
two packs left to another photo you know
if I don't get my fourth hit I'm not
about to complain this has been a pretty
solid box 10 of 10 Peterson come on yeah
all right one past cards you can pull
out of practically last pack we got a
huge bluesy of that skinny arms I think
2558 of 50 when he gets off the IR he
might be a force to be reckoned with but
there's the last look at that Adrian
Peterson 10 of tens we thanks again for
multiple sports cards